Tell about yourself:


Well my name is Andres and I have worked as a software engineer for almost 7 years, Im currently working at
Verys which is an agency based in California and my current client in Zenimax, the gaming company
recently aquired by Microsoft.
there I work as Software Engineer/SRE which means that besides 
mainteining the main application and its microservices Im also in charge of maintaing the infrastructure these run on.
lots of


	have experince and exmaplere

	how you exemplefy ownership

	good quality desicions

	most complex and complicated problems you file

	How you influence and other people without all the data points

2 system desing 
one coding
and beiviar:


Email:
Orlando


Why leave Verys:

Verys has been really good to me since I started with them. They truly care about the people that work for them,
They are always open to suggestions or anything that can improve their employees experience.

But recently the companty but adquired by a bigger company and some of the changes who would impact the employees were kept from us:
for example.
What changed:

 	- My working hours, I went from EAST to WEST.
 	- WM does not feel as safe as Verys, Verys hired people during the Covid Crisis and WM fired people.
 	- PTO time, from 4 to 2 weeks
 	- Insureance became more expensive






Where am I?

Right now IM in Spain visiting my parents, I came on the 11th (two days ago) and Im flying back on the US on the 29th.
Im techincaly on PTO but I saw the job posting online and decided to apply, Im really excited about the opportunity and 
I couldnt wait until I got back.



What does a common day look like at verys ?

Well so I work with the Customer Service platform for a game called Elder Scrolls Online
The application is Based on ROR and JS, this customer service platform also depends on 4 microservices to
handle the in-game changes written in Python3.7
Im also part of SRE team, which is not something that was part of the job description but the company wanted
me to take over the entire application and do some self-managenment.


Final Questions:

What do you personally like most about working for Coinbase ?

Thinking back to people you’ve seen do this work previously, what differentiated the ones who were good from the ones who were really great at it ?
Do you have any hesitations about my qualifications or experience ?

I will


I started at 90k and now Im at 130k so im looking for a 10% due to inflation.

Zone 3, level 5
175$ for base
10% bonus
170k
quaterly schedule



Men or Kevin
				SRE


Free tip: while price is under the 200MA on the 15/30min chart, wait for the MACD crossing down when is above the 0 line, and short it with SL just above the local high. You can thank me later.


